Update the README (#161)
sequinstream/sequin: README.md

## What is Sequin?

> Sequin sends Postgres changes to your application and services. It’s designed to never miss an insert, update, or delete and provide exactly-once processing of those changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sequin sends Postgres changes to your applications and services. It’s designed to never miss an insert, update, or delete and provide exactly-once processing of all changes.
```

Sequin is open source. You can run Sequin in its own Docker container or as a sidecar container in your existing deployment.

Sequin comes with a web console/UI for configuration:

1. Connect any Postgres database to Sequin (Sequin uses logical replication).
2. Select the tables, actions, and SQL filters that publish messages to your consumers.
3. Consume messages using HTTP pull and push interfaces. (You can use our SDKs.)

In production, you can configure Sequin as code using Terraform.

### Use cases

* **Transactional queueing:** Guarantee that any change to your database is committed to a durable stream for processing by other systems.
* **Fan in / out:** Add queue capabilities to your database to broadcast events, distribute workloads, and decouple services.
* **Replication:** Sync data to other systems to update search indexes, invalidate caches, and generate denormalized views.

> ### Compare Sequin

Reviewer: great section head

> * **Postgres triggers:** Sequin sends triggers over HTTP with the added benefits of exactly-once processing, payload transforms, routing, and a superior developer experience. Maintain transactional trigger guarantees that scales more efficiently and allows you to write business logic in the programming language of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Postgres triggers:** Sequin sends triggers over HTTP with the added benefits of exactly-once processing, payload transforms, routing, and a superior developer experience. Maintain transactional trigger guarantees with a system that scales and lets you write business logic in the programming language of your choice (no plpgsql!)
```

> * **PG_NOTIFY:**  Sequin adds exactly-once processing, larger data payloads with transformation, routing, and a superior developer experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **LISTEN/NOTIFY:**  Sequin adds exactly-once processing, larger data payloads with transformation, routing, and a superior developer experience.
```

> * **Amazon SQS:** Sequin transactionally enqueues changes from your database into a FIFO queue with exactly once processing. This is especially valuable if messages coincide with database changes. Instead of adding a new dependency to your infrastructure, use the database you already have to reliably queue messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Amazon SQS:** Sequin transactionally enqueues changes from your database into a FIFO queue with exactly-once processing. This is especially valuable if messages pertain to database changes. Instead of adding a new dependency to your infrastructure, use the database you already have to reliably queue messages.
```

> * **Debezium / Kafka:** Sequin provides the CDC capabilities of Debezium with a durable message stream like Kafka, with none of the operational overhead. If your database can handle it, so can Sequin. You don’t need to be a Kafka expert, learn Zookeeper, endlessly configure Debezium, or figure out the Java runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Debezium / Kafka:** Sequin provides the CDC capabilities of Debezium with a durable message stream like Kafka, except with none of the operational overhead. If your database can handle it, so can Sequin. You don’t need to be a Kafka expert, learn Zookeeper, endlessly configure Debezium, or figure out the Java runtime.
```
